
;; Sun May 18 11:42:40 2025 -- chuggpup --

lets write down some ideas about some fiction I might write.


title: Beacons
genre: science fiction



(let (()) (mark-whole-buffer) (xah-fill-or-unfill))


C-x v v  |  <f7> z z     ;(vc-next-action)


(eshell-command "git push chugg-beacons master")


--------------------------------------------------------------------


The setting is ~70-200 years in the future. I want things to be
recognizable and plausible but I'm not sure if I want to have an
element where characters literally have no concept or memory of
laptops and desktop computers with keyboards. and other memories about
current geopolitical arrangements.

the internet of things and bodies is pretty built out and commonplace.

interacive surfaces are the common method of computing. No one knows
how to type.  you can buy a coating at the hardware store to turn
furniture and stuff into touchscreens and program buttons on anything.









brave new world-lite type setting. People are born in factories but
they still live in pretty recognizable nuclear families.

pregnancies are just a few weeks shorter and almost all are a
more-developed less messy C-section type process with smaller incision
and restorable with pretty much no scarring.

development is finished off in a controlled environment and the mother
might start pumping if they want to to get milk tested and such before
the newborn comes home.


interactive skin is like a coating, or a membrane or something.  sort
of like the contrast dye for MRIs. Its a computer thats powered by the
metabolic processes in the body that interfaces with similar
interactive surfaces.

yeah its a polymer that that can encode data in the grooves of its
surface. Like the study about programming water with sound and then
freezing it.

the polymer can behave like a liquid, a viscose semi-solid fluid, a
tough flexible membrane. its formed and set by radiation
generally. low frequencies like AM/FM/shortwave radio have different
effects than visible light, cell phone microwaves.

it can also be chrystallized into a solid by growing it for many
months in controlled conditions. and then pounded down into a dust.


In practice, most of its state data is stored in micrometer size
grooves thats set by ultra-high frequency bands, analogous to
contemporary 5G but small enough wavelength to penetrate the
skin. Direct exposure to that is dangerous on the body. So the
programmable membranes coating organs in the body are written to from
lower frequency signals transmitted by touching a crystal.  The
membranes actually block those signals from getting into the body and
hurting the person, because the crystal gets real time high speed
updates from high frequency signals in the air.  the crystal then
compresses the data transmissions into packets that can get to the
body if the crystal is touched for a length of time.  kind of like how
bluetooth works.

if you live in a populated area you carry around a crystal like your
cell phone that grants access to the smart grid.  if you are outside
the strong signal radiation in cities you might carry a crystal just
in case but its not as important. Where info is served there are
panels to touch to download transmissions from.


So. the air waves are polluted with dangerous radiation that powers
the internet of things. The internet of things powers the internet of
bodies, and those augments protect the host bodies.



theres a geopolital arrangement cold war going on where theres some
doomsday clock type device that buzzing around underwater or in space
that programmer "hacker" gamer types. kinda like prestigeous
atheletes, they work to constantly change the direction of the
thing. the people most in tune with their thought interface can
program its flight like a video game. and you have to be good at the
math and have a knack for it. baisically a lot of cool high status
professions involve a lot of work programming surfaces and projections
and equipment to render information to get business done.



people have no concept of themself as as entity separate from the
computing equipment they work with everyday.


